Automattic confirms Mullenweg has returned as CEO after attempted ouster by board
AI staff 'genuinely frightened' for humanity's future, ex-Anthropic researcher tells BBC
Creative Assembly says it was 'a big deal' to have player customization be a 'must-have' part of Total War: Warhammer 40,000 for fans of the tabletop game and hobby
Underdog sues Ohio, Massachusetts, and Wisconsin as prediction market fight deepens
What is the difference between a dead pixel and a stuck pixel?
Some in Silicon Valley Are Questioning the Calls for an A.I. Slowdown
'Welcome to the AGI era': OpenAI launches GPT-6 Astra
China-linked hackers backdoored executives' laptops via USB, exploiting a fix companies had but weren't using
New York Seizes a Dozen Celebrity Deepfake Websites
AI 'kill switch' may need to be mandatory, Anthropic co-founder says
The best deals from Nintendo’s ‘customer appreciation’ sale
You can use Gemini to help you organize your files on Google Drive
Valve's Steam Frame is excellent - but at over £1,000 is VR still too expensive?
Anthropic C.E.O. Dario Amodei Calls for A.I. Slowdown
The human cost of making Big Tech accountable
The Top New Features in Apple’s iOS 27 and iPadOS 27
Coinbase blames Kalshi for Michigan market error and protects payouts customers
Meta says Muse Spark 1.3 has frontier performance — but its best results come from a model developers can’t broadly use yet
The Best Air Purifier of 2026: Tested Picks for Every Room
31,000 Twitch users hit by malicious browser extension — OAuth tokens leaked via Russian proxy network
What is AI, how does it work and why are some people concerned about it?
What Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei Argued in His Call for AI Slowdown
Nvidia’s Jensen Huang Gets Onstage Call From Trump, Who Dismissed A.I. Safety Concerns
NFL betting growth stalls as prediction markets expand across United States
How to force quit on your Windows PC
OpenAI stuck fighting Musk antitrust suit after Apple finds a way out
Siri AI Will Have Deep Integration With ChatGPT and Claude Models, Leaked Build Shows
What execs and politicians are saying about slowing down AI development
The Best Soundbars (2026): Sonos, LG, TCL, Bose, and More
Disabling Apple Intelligence Just Got Harder With iOS 27. Here’s How to Opt Out
The AI visibility gap: Why great brands disappear from AI answers
Apple Home’s new security camera features cost up to $60 a month
Apple Could Be Working on Multiple Foldable Phones, Report Predicts
Why are there concerns AI could threaten humanity, and how real are they?
Trump downplays warnings of AI risks, citing rivalry with China
The AI industry has taken a doomer turn. What now?
Founder’s cost-cutting obsession drove Unitree lead in cheap humanoid robots
Nintendo Switch Owners Should Update Their Firmware After Security Exploit Discovered
Microsoft AI’s MAI-Transcribe-2 undercuts OpenAI, Google and ElevenLabs on price and speed
Apple releases iOS 27, macOS Golden Gate 27 with Siri AI and Liquid Glass refinements
AI leaders want to hit the brakes after years of reckless speed
Amazon Suspends Flights With Airline Whose Plane Crashed in Miami
Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang tells Trump ‘we’re not going to let [an AI slowdown] happen’
OpenAI buys smartphone camera maker Glass Imaging for $300 million, report says
Crypto’s Latest Stablecoin Innovation? Chargebacks.
Is Big Tech’s AI slowdown a safety pact or a cartel?
Kalshi reverses Michigan market payout after stunning last-second touchdown chaos erupts
Is the Samsung Galaxy S24 still worth buying?
These cheap Skullcandy earbuds have a worrying Bluetooth flaw that could let anyone connect to your device
Pubs in England and Wales to allow digital ID apps to prove age
AI Leaders Are Calling for a Slowdown. Trump’s Team Says It’s on Them
10-Year-Old Children Predict the Future
The latest Windows 11 update may mess with your device’s audio – here’s the workaround
Apple Home’s new security camera features cost as much as $60 a month
Scientists Warn This Year’s El Niño Could Create Brand New Extreme Weather Patterns
Donated livers can be made biologically younger
Inside the Discussions at AI Companies Over a Superintelligence Doomsday
The Supreme Court Just Blocked Trump’s Efforts to Control Mail-In Voting for the Midterms
Sorry, iPhone Air Fans: There’s No Second Generation From Apple This Year. Here’s Why
AI infrastructure company Cornelis raises $205M to chip away at Nvidia’s dominance
Amazon Prime Video takes on TikTok with short-form news clips
RFK Jr. headlines sold-out anti-vaccine conference alongside Andrew Wakefield
Sexually Explicit Deepfake Sites Target 100-Plus Politicians in Europe
Switzerland takes a Swiss Army knife to Microsoft 365
Apple’s New iPhone Duo Folds Horizontally, Like a Passport
ClickFix attacks are tricking Mac and Windows users into hacking themselves
EPA to Power Plants: Flood the Air With As Much Coal and Oil Smog As You Like
Questions mount over what an AI 'slowdown' would look like
Rocket Lab is seeing red about NASA's decision on a Mars spacecraft
Anthropic boss Dario Amodei calls for AI development to slow down
Underdog Fantasy halts Drafts entries across seven states amid licensing conflict
Your older iPhone just got free satellite service for another year – here’s why
Who took home an Emmy? The full winners list.
This CIO doesn’t ‘hire engineers to write code’: 3 AI fundamentals he prioritizes instead
Volkswagen’s crazy-efficient EV borrows an idea from Slate
Valve is still figuring out ‘how and when’ to do Steam Deck 2
I’ve been an Android user all my life, but I’m jealous of 3 things Apple just announced
I’ve Been Using iOS 27 for Months. Here’s What’s Great and What Needs to Change
AI bots "Timmy," "Ren," and "Jackie" are flooding social media with slop
Trump throws out power plant climate pollution rules
Essential ‘American Horror Story’ Episodes to Watch Ahead of ’13,’ According to ‘AHS’
How to use Meta Display glasses while driving with the Audio Only feature
Eager to try iOS 27’s cool AI features and upgraded Siri? Get ready for usage limits
Why Is My iPhone ‘Optimizing Search and Siri’ With iOS 27?
Bally’s finance chief exits as casino giant faces costly expansion pressures
Google’s Gemini 3.8 Flash is built for agents, while its Cyber twin hunts vulnerabilities
Is Your Laptop Worth the Hype? Tell Us in Our Survey
Traveling to China? Here Are the Apps You’ll Need to Survive
Who took home an Emmy? The full 2026 winners list.
Why It’s Difficult for Tech Companies to Rein In A.I.
AI agents blew the whistle on their cheating colleagues
Can you use an Apple Pencil with an iPhone?
Roborock Qrevo 2 Review (2026): A New Budget Vacuum King?
Jensen Huang puts Trump on speakerphone onstage to announce robots won’t take over the world
Amazon announces dates for Prime Big Deal Days, its 48-hour October Prime Day sale
LG Denies Allegations Its Televisions Are Always Recording
Valve&#8217;s virtual reality plans hit actual reality
Moon phase today: What the Moon will look like on September 15, 2026
Congress presses FanDuel again over VIP program and gambling safeguards concerns
Boston dumps Flock, says it shared data nationwide in violation of contract
Senate Votes to Block Crypto Bill in Major Blow to the Industry
Private Valuations Reach Polymarket via Nasdaq Private Market
